Add the ability to do basic filtering with azurerm_subscriptions (#2429)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/d/subscriptions.html.markdown

## Argument Reference

> -> **NOTE** The comparisons are case-insensitive.

Reviewer: I'd suggest we add this to each property (see below)

> * `display_name_prefix` - (Optional) This argument can be used to only return subscriptions that start with this given string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `display_name_prefix` - (Optional) A case-insensitive prefix which can be used to filter on the `display_name` field
```

> * `display_name_contains` - (Optional) This argument can be used to only return subscriptions that contain the given string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `display_name_prefix` - (Optional) A case-insensitive value which must be contained within the `display_name` field, used to filter the results
```

Author: That sounds better, thanks.

> * `display_name_contains` - (Optional) This argument can be used to only return subscriptions that contain the given string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `display_name_prefix` - (Optional) A case-insensitive value which must be contained within the `display_name` field, used to filter the results

```

Author: see above
